Loops 19, I would need to know the difference between while loops and for loops to know which one would be the better option to use in
   Any given scenario while coding the project. A while loop continues the loop until the statement is false and a for loop loops a given number
   of times that is decided when the loop starts.
Functions 22, Parameters are items that need to be given when declaring a function while arguments are items that have been given inside the
   Function. I would be using the parameters and arguments when making the functions for the blocks.
Classes / Objects 25, A class is a group of similar objects and an object is more specific. For example a class would be candy and a object would
   Be a chocolate bar. I would need to know the difference when making the project to make sure I use the correct terms when building the 
   Blocks class and building the individual key block objects within it.
Classes / Objects 26, It is a function that creates a instance of a object within a class. This will be useful when spawning blocks in game.
Classes / Objects 27, Each class having its own tab is good for organization and making sure your code is readable and clean. This will be 
   Helpful for larger projects like this one, in which being organized will make every further action easier to do.
Lists 31, the difference between an a array and an array list is an array can have non object data types stored in it and an array list can only 
   Have object data types stored in it. In my project I will be using both an array and an array List to store different blocks and store distance.
Lists 32, using a list backwards can be useful depending on how you ordered the list. If for example I wanted to order the list from furthest 
   Away from the player to closest to the player I would want to start at the bottom of the list to get the data I need the quickest.
Vectors 37 and 38, You should use a PVector instead of float variables when you want to represent 2 variables in a single keyword. For example 
   I would be using this for my x, y variables instead of using two float variables. 
Vectors 42, a normalized vector is a vector that has been shrunken into a value between 0 and 1, and this is useful for scaling other variables
   in relation to one.
